Hello dear visitor me
Name is Alexander for life and in this video I
I'll tell you how to win in gosloto 6
from 45
and before we begin i will show you my
statistics for this we use
online store table and that point ru
launch the browser
go to the site of the chair that point ru
pass authorization go to the profile in
game 6 of 45
I have been playing for a long time but from the new year
I decided to apply my new strategy
consisting of twenty-eight combinations
and as you see
circulation 546 of March 2 on strategy 28
combinations I won a thousand 55 rubles
so also you will notice that five hundred
the forty-first draw for 28 combinations i
won 60 thousand rubles look below
530 draws of January 24 for the same
strategy 28 combinations i won also
60 thousand rubles and January 8 strategy
28 combinations I won 60 thousand again
rubles you may notice that these are not mine
the only winnings and i'm sure that they
not the last